add contribution docs to repo; add PR template with PR process docs link comment (#733)
actualbudget/docs: README.md

## Welcome

> Firstly, thank you for stopping by and giving up some of your time to either check out the documentation we have already produced or pick off

Reviewer: _conributing_ sounds a bit more positive than _giving up_ :-)

```suggestion
Firstly, thank you for stopping by and contributing some of your time to either check out the documentation we have already produced or pick off
```

> some of the [issues](https://github.com/actualbudget/docs/issues) and help create some new documentation for our future users. Check out the

Reviewer: _any_ lower the expectation compared to _some_, which indicate that one should pick as many as possilb.e

```suggestion
some of the [issues](https://github.com/actualbudget/docs/issues) and help create new documentation for our future users. Check out the
```

### Writing Good Release Notes

> For general guidelines, see [Contributing](https://actualbudget.org/docs/contributing/#writing-good-release-notes) section of the documentation. The Documentation site is not versioned in the same manner as the rest of the project. The Documentation website is more of a living document. Merges into `master` will have the title and PR# as commit message, with the PR description as extended git commit description.

Reviewer: Is the link correct - is _writing good release notes_ what we want to link to?

Author: No opinion. That's from https://github.com/actualbudget/docs/pull/206 and did not change in this PR
